>What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a git repository, git creates the infrastructure for managing files in git - the .git directory with all of the metadata files in it (for tracking head, tags, branches, remotes, etc.).  You need to do it so git can do the one-time setup required to be able to do version control on sets of files when you commit, etc.

> How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area keeps track of which files will be included in the next commit.  The respoistory contains all the file objects, tree objects, and commit objects, as well as references (heads, branches) for bookkeeping. The working directory is where the files are on your disk that are currently checked out for the repository.  The staging area is useful for two reasons: 1) we want a commit to be a logical unit, so we need some way to collect all and only the files we want to commit at one time, even if we change other files - so we don't want to commit our working directory directly to the repository, and 2) instead of requiring someone to enter all the filenames to be committed at the time of commit, the staging area allows them to incrementally add the files to be committed, and remove those that are not to be committed to help make managing that easier.

> How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Just add the files that are related to the commit - or the parts of files - to the staging area, make the commit, and then add files for a separate commit.

> What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

1) When you have a software release and start a new one but then have bug fixes to make on the previous release
2) When people are working on lots of different features and bug fixes at different parts oft he code at the same time
3) When you want to try something experimental and be able to switch back to the main branch to show the current working version
4) When you want to try several experiments in parallel at once

> How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams help visualize where branches split off and what's reachable and not reachable.  Since a git repo is organized as a directed graph, commits are only reachable from the current head (checked out commit) if they are on a path including direct ancestors of the current commit and the graphs help make this structure clear.

> What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is to create a commit with two parents which were the tips of the two merged branches, and then to move the label of the branch you are on (the branch merged into) to the new commit.

> What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Pros: automatic merging saves a lot of work and can be pretty safe much of the time. 
Cons: There are cases where automatic merging will not do the right thing - for example, if we both create a new function that does the same thing but has different names git can't detect that and will include both which would probably cause problems with the code functioning.
